fix: correctly serialize expireDateTime in POS token cache (#600)
shopwareLabs/SwagPayPal: CHANGELOG.md

# REPLACE_GLOBALLY_WITH_NEXT_VERSION

> - Fixes an issue, where POS tokens could not be retrieved from the cache (shopware/SwagPayPal#594)

Reviewer: 10.6.0 is not released yet, please add your changelog to it

> - Fixes an issue, where POS tokens could not be retrieved from the cache (shopware/SwagPayPal#594)

Reviewer: That's a bit to technical, the changelog is merchant facing:
```suggestion
# REPLACE_GLOBALLY_WITH_NEXT_VERSION
- Fixes an issue, where the Zettle connection was only working for a few hours (shopware/SwagPayPal#594)
```
